README.md, before:

# SEOS logserver - demo application

The purposes of this demo application is to present all common features
offered by the log server, and help the user to configure it in the desired way.

The following components are used in the demo:

* FileReaderWriter - Client that reads and writes a file to prove that there are
  no conflicts with log entries written to the log file.
* LogFileReader - Log file reader used at the end of the demo to dump logs from
  the files to the console.
* LogsAllLevels - Several clients that are logging their activity. Please note
  that the name of the client corresponds to its configuration e.g. client
  "app_lvl_warning" has a filter on the server side set to the "WARNING" level,
  and the client "app_cl_filter_error" has a filter set to the "ERROR" level on
  the client-side.
* LogServer - The log server that is in charge of logging functionality.

The following features are presented in the demo:

* Several clients logging concurrently.
* Logging to the console.
* Logging to the file.
* Different log level filters on the client-side.
* Different log level filters on the server-side.
* Filters are disabled.
* Every client has its unique ID.
* Log server can log as well.
* Log entry can be formatted in the custom way.

Commit message:

[TA] Add formatted string log entry
This is a regression test related to the recent bug.

* If a client sends ill formatted string, e.g. 'Debug_LOG_DEBUG(
  "%2F %2F %2Fl%3D");' (notice missing arguments), the fault handler
  shall be trigger due to client accessing restricted memory region.

  The new client will reproduce this issue.

* If a client sends formatted string via '%s', then the entry shall
  be properly printed.

Tests:
SEOS-985

README.md, after:

# SEOS logserver - demo application

The purposes of this demo application is to present all common features
offered by the log server, and help the user to configure it in the desired way.

The following components are used in the demo:

* FileReaderWriter - Client that reads and writes a file to prove that there are
  no conflicts with log entries written to the log file.
* LogFileReader - Log file reader used at the end of the demo to dump logs from
  the files to the console.
* LogsAllLevels - Several clients that are logging their activity. Please note
  that the name of the client corresponds to its configuration e.g. client
  "app_lvl_warning" has a filter on the server side set to the "WARNING" level,
  and the client "app_cl_filter_error" has a filter set to the "ERROR" level on
  the client-side.
* SendsIllFormattedString - Client that is expected to cause a fault because of
  logging an entry with format specifiers but no arguments. The failure is
  expected to occur on the client-side.
* LogServer - The log server that is in charge of logging functionality.

The following features are presented in the demo:

* Several clients logging concurrently.
* Logging to the console.
* Logging to the file.
* Different log level filters on the client-side.
* Different log level filters on the server-side.
* Filters are disabled.
* Every client has its unique ID.
* Log server can log as well.
* Log entry can be formatted in the custom way.
